README.md, before:

# vshkh

Very Simple Hugo's Keyboard Handler

## About

Description should be written here.

## User Interface

Function descriptions and those stuff are written in vshkh.h

## Binds formatting

### Mods

- **Normal**: lowerase or some symbols
- **Shift**: upercase or some symbols
- **Shift + ctrl**: ^ + A-Z or some symbols
- **Shift + alt**: & + A-Z or some symbols
- **Shift + supr**: All symbols that require physical shift
- **Shift + ctrl + alt**: ^& + A-Z or some symbols
- **Shift + ctrl + supr**: ^ + All symbols that require physical shift
- **Shift + alt + supr**: &@ + All symbols that require physical shift
- **Shift + ctrl + alt +supr** ^&@ + All symbols that require physical shift
- **ctrl**: Cant be mapped, just shift ctrl
- **ctrl + alt**: Cant be mapped, just shift ctrl alt
- **ctrl + supr**: ^@ + lowercase or symbols that dont need shift
- **ctrl + alt +supr**: ^&@ + lowercase or symbols that dont need shift
- **alt**: & + lowercase or some symbols
- **alt + supr**: &@ + lowercase or some symbols
- **supr**: @ + lowercase or some symbols

> [!CAUTION]
> Ctrl without supr dont allow lowercase chars

## Potential issues + todos

- CTRL is too limited
- CTRL + SHIFT + KEY: crah
- CTRL + 1,9,0 dont exists

- ALT + CTRL set shift
- ALT + CTRL + SHIFT uset shift
- ^&A only maps to C+Alt+a, if shift is used dont call func

- right + left + down at the same time breaks the handler. with -O3 it doesnt happened xd

Commit message:

fix some upercase repr bugs

README.md, after:

# vshkh

Very Simple Hugo's Keyboard Handler

## About

Description should be written here.

## User Interface

Function descriptions and those stuff are written in vshkh.h

## Binds formatting

### Mods

- **Normal**: lowerase or some symbols
- **Shift**: upercase or some symbols
- **Shift + ctrl**: All ctrl + lowecase is read as ctrl + upercase, but using shift with ctrl chashes
- **Shift + alt**: & + A-Z or some symbols
- **Shift + supr**: All symbols that require physical shift
- **Shift + ctrl + alt**: ^& + A-Z or some symbols
- **Shift + ctrl + supr**: ^ + All symbols that require physical shift
- **Shift + alt + supr**: &@ + All symbols that require physical shift
- **Shift + ctrl + alt +supr** ^&@ + All symbols that require physical shift
- **ctrl**: Cant be mapped, just shift ctrl
- **ctrl + alt**: Cant be mapped, just shift ctrl alt
- **ctrl + supr**: ^@ + lowercase or symbols that dont need shift
- **ctrl + alt +supr**: ^&@ + lowercase or symbols that dont need shift
- **alt**: & + lowercase or some symbols
- **alt + supr**: &@ + lowercase or some symbols
- **supr**: @ + lowercase or some symbols

> [!CAUTION]
> Ctrl without supr dont allow lowercase chars

## Potential issues + todos

- **Potential issue: CTRL + lowercase is read as ctrl + upercase and ctrl + shift cant be read**
- CTRL is too limited
- CTRL + SHIFT + KEY: crash
- CTRL + 1,9,0 dont exists
- ALT + CTRL set shift
- ALT + CTRL + SHIFT uset shift
- ^&A only maps to C+Alt+a, if shift is used dont call func
- right + left + down at the same time breaks the handler. with -O3 it doesnt happened xd
